# Previous Arc
The [[Roving Seven]] participated in the [[Seige on The Big Tower]], resulting in the expulsion of the [[Tech Hunters]] from the [[Batel#The Big Tower|The Big Tower]]. After this, they travel to [[The Nimyren Empire#Narmor|Narmor]] to negotiate a contract with the Empire to hunt down the remaining Hunters and retrieve their research.
# The Hunt Begins
- [[2026-01-31]]: [[Roving Seven]] have a meeting with prominent leaders of [[The Nimyren Empire]] in its capital city of [[The Nimyren Empire#Narmor|Narmor]], where they sign a contract to exterminate the remaining [[Tech Hunters]].
- [[2026-02-07]]: [[Roving Seven]] leave [[The Nimyren Empire#Narmor|Narmor]] for [[The Scarlet Sands]] and begin their journey across the desert. This session, along with [[2026-02-28]], deal with [[Ondo Edafoss|Ondo]]'s arc while they travel to the Hunter base.
-  [[2026-03-14]]: Arriving at the [[Tech Hunters]] base, they discover they are using the ancient city of [[The Scarlet Sands#Angruin|Angruin]] as a base of operations and repairing it so it can fly again. During their stealthy investigation, they discover their enemies [[Theofrastus Bombastus]], [[Paraceleus]], [[Gestalt]], and [[Dee]] are all in the city. But they are discovered, and a motorcycle chase ensues as the party members attempt to escape. After successfully evading their pursuers, the party regroups in a nearby cave and concoct a plan to destroy the massive Warforged Colossus guarding the city, infiltrate it, and kill the leaders of the Hunters.
# Confrontation in Angruin
- [[2026-03-28]]: According to their plan, they excavate a large area to trap the Warforged Colossus in. They use a sandstorm to lure it towards the pit, where it falls in and the board it. The plan called for commandeering the mech but this proves impossible, so instead they scuttle it, finding several emergency motorcycles stored in the abdomen of the mech and riding out of the mech just as it detonates behind them. At the same time [[The Scarlet Sands#Angruin|Angruin]] begins to rise to the sky for the first time since [[The Shattering]], and barely get there with their bikes before it leaves the ground behind.
- [[2026-05-02]]: Their first target is [[Dee]]. As the [[Roving Seven]] move through the city, they come across a typewriter-like machine: a Mark 5 Analytical Engine. It can answer basic questions and was used by its owner to track shop finances and records. To find more information the party travels further into the city to the Analytical Archive, essentially the original Analytical Engine, and ask it a bunch of questions. They also find evidence of the original population of the city, frozen in time and fear and turned to metal.
- [[2026-06-13]]: After working together to enter [[Dee]]'s clock tower, the party climb through the building and engage them in battle. After a tough fight [[Dee]] is defeated, and the party flees before they are swarmed by enemies.
- [[2026-06-20]]: [[Leon Redbrand|Leon]] returns after a multi-session scouting mission with dire news: the [[The Scarlet Sands#Aetherforge|Aetherforge]] is operational. In order to shut it down, it must be deprived of energy. To that end, the party decides to attack one of the 9 power generation stations lining the outer edge of the city. On their way to the nearest station, the [[Roving Seven]] have their first official meeting with [[Ikol]], an ancient and mysterious being inhabiting a coin possessed by [[Leon Redbrand|Leon]]. After this, they did some recon and formed a plan: deprive the Hellfire engines of water and close inflow and outtake valves, starving the engine and shutting it down.