- [[2025-08-30]]: The [[Roving Seven]] stealthily approached the tower on their [[Roving Seven#Slepneres|Slepneres]] but they were unable to avoid conflict with various fiends surrounding the mountain.
- [[2025-09-06]]: The party discovered a crack in the mountainside and entered, finding the tower's catacombs on the other side. They navigated various puzzles below the tower, encountering various beings such as elven ghosts and a whisp boss.
- [[2025-09-20]]: Party discovered a staircase and climbed it, moving to the bottom layer of the tower proper. During their investigation they found several gnomes on several floors whose skulls had been crushed between the hands of a powerful being, and some loot. They also encountered and fought [[Kajal]], who escaped.
- [[2025-09-27]]: Party continues climbing, finding some items and research and fighting some monsters. They come across a mist which submerges several party members in their worst nightmares. [[Leone]] scares the creature causing the mist into the depths of the [[Batel#The Big Tower|Tower]], saving the hallucinating members. They also encounter [[Theofrastus Bombastus]] at the top of an elevator shaft, who unveils a new type of enemy.
- [[2025-11-15]]: Party fights a climactic battle at the top of [[Batel#The Big Tower|The Big Tower]] and wins, cornering the remaining members of the [[Tech Hunters]]. They offer a trade: let them go and they will return [[Diabel Songlark]], whom they had kidnapped previously, and [[Corvel#Threadcleaver|Threadcleaver]], which [[Paraceleus]] stole from [[Corvel]] many years ago. [[Roving Seven]] accepts, vowing to find and destroy the remaining members at a later date. [[Mike O'Flora]] stays at the [[Batel#The Big Tower|Tower]], transforming it into his new home.